can you hear me
yeah good Oh finally it connected didn't
connect before all right hello everybody
this is food person again and we're at
the ass-end of mass effect week
according to Kotaku calm so now I'm
going to test Mass Effect 3 on the Intel
on laptops and it looks like I have a
50% readiness rating everywhere not like
it really matters
oh fuck you
alright let's let's try this one more
time and this time that faggot piece of
shit better not fucking close on me god
damn it I hate you origin I hate you ei
why the fuck that I waste $60 in this
fucking trilogy don't have to be a dick
DRM dicks retards and motherfuckers okay
new game fuck you can't even show you
what the fucking fuck house okay so my
graphics here everything's off but 720p
there that's all you need to know shit
how hard can it be to just get to one
fucking place alright let me let me just
go to fucking new game and deal with it
do this fuck you fuck you fuck you ei
fuck you I hope you put in hell stop
connecting I don't care
come on doesn't have to take all fucking
day shit okay fine
okay I'm clicking on Newgate no I'm
clicking on new game fine mail I don't
care
you didn't work Mass Effect 2 import
feature didn't work so I might as well
just click them
you see what happens ei or it is no
longer rainy I'm playing by myself this
is not an MMO shit well what a shitty
way to end Mass Effect week what a
shitty way to end Mass Effect week see
what I mean
fuck you ei for fucking up Mass Effect
forever and fuck you Bioware for selling
out the EA everybody thanks for watching
my video and fuck EA